Scenario
The newly opened Happy Animal Clinic needs a customized system to support its daily
operation. The customized system, which uses Java, should provide systematic access to the
data of animals treated at the facility. As a fresh computer science graduate out of Universiti
Malaya, you find this opportunity hard to miss. Upon requesting the system requirements
from Happy Animal Clinic, you find the tasks you need to address as follows.
List of Tasks
1. Create a class called Pet that should hold all critical information about pets getting
treatment at the clinic. The class should contain the breed, weight and sickness of
the pets.
a. The class should implement the Comparable interface as it needs to compare the
pets' weights.
b. Generate the appropriate getter and setter methods in the class.
2. Create a Cat class that inherits from the Pet. The Cat class has an additional name
variable in addition to those in Pet.
a. Generate the appropriate getter and setter methods in the class.
3. Create a generic Prescription class that takes three parameters. The first parameter
must be a subclass of Pet, while the remaining parameters should store the
medication and dosage, respectively.
4. Create a Vet class that contains the name and qualification of the practitioner.
a. Create a giveTreatment method that returns nothing. The method takes one
parameter, which is an ArrayList of the Prescription object. In the method, loop
through the ArrayList and print each object element.
5. Create a Clinic class that contains the main method. The class also contains the name
of the clinic and a Vet object containing information about the practitioner.
a. Create a getter method to retrieve the Vet object that contains the practitioner
information.
b. Within the main method, perform the following:
i. Instantiate a Clinic object with the following information:
Name: Happy Animal Clinic
Vet’s Name: Abu Bakar
Vet’s Qualification: DVM(India)
ii. Instantiate two Cat objects with the following information:
Name: Dimmy
Breed: Siamese
Weight: 5
Sickness: Diarrhea

Name: Tabby
Breed: British Shorthair
Weight: 6
Sickness: Worms
iii. Instantiate an ArrayList of Prescription. Add the following entries into the
ArrayList:
Pet: Cat Object 1
Medication: Tylosin
Dosage: 5
Pet: Cat Object 2
Medication: Pyrantel
Dosage: 3
To test the program:
1. Print all the information entered above, as demonstrated in the expected output below.
2. Determine which pet is the heaviest.

Expected output
Clinic: Happy Animal Clinic
Vet on Duty: Abu Bakar, DVM(India)
Prescription Note
Name: Tabby
Breed: British Shorthair
Weight (KG): 6
Sickness: Worms
Medication: Tylosin
Dosage (ml): 5
Prescription Note
Name: Dimmy
Breed: Siamese
Weight (KG): 5
Sickness: Diarrhea
Medication: Pyrantel
Dosage (ml): 3
Weight analysis: Tabby is heavier than Dimmy
